Sample App Tutorial Page Compilation (#6007)
knative/docs: docs/bookstore/page-1/pg1-review-svc-1.md

## Implementation

### Step 0: Know the basics

![Image](images/image6.png)

In the world of microservices and REST APIs, we often refer to requests as the primary method of communication between services. However, in an event-driven architecture, the smallest unit is an event. Knative Eventing adheres to the CloudEvents specification, making it essential to understand this concept before moving forward. Learn more about CloudEvents [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xvXeTo5yN5PbULDtGrExRAJEMdZ0ztvg0cJcgNQvWrQ/edit) before proceeding!

### Step 1: Understand Book Review Service

![Image](images/image11.png)

The book review service is our Node.js API server, playing a crucial role in our event-driven architecture. It's essential to understand how it operates, as it receives events and processes them appropriately.

![Image](images/image2.png)

**Key Concepts: Broker and SinkBinding**

Before we dive into the code, let's clarify two important concepts: Broker and SinkBinding. It’s okay if you don’t fully understand it yet! You will get a deeper understanding along the way.

> - **Broker**: Acts as the central point in the event-driven architecture, routing events to the correct destinations. The broker's address is not fixed and can change dynamically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Broker**: Acts as the central point in the event-driven architecture, routing events to the correct destinations. The broker's address is not fixed and can vary.
```

```javascript
if (receivedEvent.type === 'new-review-comment') {
  // logic that forwards the event, see below
}
```

**Forwarding Events Logic**: The event is forwarded to the broker with the appropriate CloudEvent headers:

```javascript
const response = await fetch(brokerURI, {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/cloudevents+json',
    'ce-specversion': receivedEvent.specversion,
    'ce-type': receivedEvent.type,
    'ce-source': receivedEvent.source,
    'ce-id': receivedEvent.id,
  },
  body: JSON.stringify(receivedEvent.data),
});
```

![Image](images/image21.png)

**Exploring Other Functions**

The Node.js server contains other functions that follow a similar pattern, with detailed comments explaining their functionality:

- `/insert`: Receives CloudEvents and inserts the payload into the PostgreSQL database.
- `/comment`: Creates a WebSocket connection with the frontend to transport comments from the database.

### **Step 2: Create Broker**

![Image](images/image17.png)

The Broker acts as a router in your event-driven application, receiving events and routing them to the correct destination.

> - 1: Create a new YAML file named `node-server/config/200-broker.yaml` and add the following content:

Reviewer: Why is the file named `200-broker` ? while this is used for our config files where there is a large number of YAML files, in this case, is not really needed as there is at most 3/4 YAMLs very different from each other

> - 1: Create a new YAML file named `node-server/config/200-broker.yaml` and add the following content:

Author: Because the limitation of mkdocs. If I didn't use list at the front, mkdocs will render all the numerations to 1. @creydr

???+ abstract "_node-server/config/200-broker.yaml_"
    ```yaml
    apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
    kind: Broker
    metadata:
    name: bookstore-broker

>     ```

Reviewer 2: and regarding metadata.name:

--> 
```
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  name: bookstore-broker
```

>     ```

Author: Ohh I see! In [this part of the code, which is non-collapsible](https://deploy-preview-6007--knative.netlify.app/docs/bookstore/page-4/pg4-sequence/#step-0-learn-sequence), used for teaching purposes, readers don't need to copy and paste it to their local environment. 

For all the collapsible code sections, there is always a file name in the box's title. These are the codes that users need to write down in their local repository as part of the tutorial.
![image](https://github.com/knative/docs/assets/36619969/a8cfaea6-16e0-4faf-bb4b-adcf6dc5a785)

The collapsible feature is used to distinguish between files that are part of the tutorial and those that are only there to illustrate concepts. @creydr

>     ```

Reviewer 2: I mean it compared to something without this box arround. E.g. the code samples in https://deploy-preview-6007--knative.netlify.app/docs/bookstore/page-1/send-review-comment-to-broker/#step-1-understand-book-review-service or how we did it usually in the documentation: https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/brokers/create-broker/#broker-class-options

>     ```

Author: Yes I see that.

![image](https://github.com/knative/docs/assets/36619969/bed3a4da-ee96-456c-a52a-8ca2e1224446)

I designed it so that there are 2 ways to showcase the code in Sample App. The new collapsible box format highlights important code snippets. This ensures that readers instantly recognize the significance of the code. Also, the file name is displayed at the top of the box, guiding users on where to place the copied code. Once users complete the task, they can collapse the box, marking it as completed—much like checking off an item on a to-do list. Hope that clear the confusion! @creydr

>     ```

Reviewer 2: makes sense then. :+1:

- 2: Apply the YAML file:

```bash
kubectl apply -f node-server/config/200-broker.yaml
```

![Image](images/image16.png)

Alternatively, use the [Knative CLI `kn`](https://knative.dev/docs/client/#kn) to create the broker:

```bash
kn broker create bookstore-broker
```

> ![Image](images/image19.png)

Reviewer: Agree

> ![Image](images/image19.png)

Reviewer: Also it makes the page loading a lot slower, so we need to remember not everyone is on a 10Gbit connection

???+ success "Verify"

    ```bash
    kubectl get brokers
    ```

    ![Image](images/image14.png)

???+ bug "Troubleshooting"

    If there are issues, use the following command to diagnose:

    ```bash
    kubectl describe broker bookstore-broker
    ```

### **Step 3: Create SinkBinding between Node.js server and broker**

![Image](images/image15.png)

Hardcoding URLs to connect with Kubernetes services in your application can be limiting and inflexible. SinkBinding dynamically injects the URL of the Kubernetes service into your application.

Learn more about SinkBinding [here](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/custom-event-source/sinkbinding/) and the [spec schema](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/custom-event-source/sinkbinding/reference/)!

**Create a SinkBinding:**

- 1: Create a new YAML file named `300-sinkbinding.yaml` in the `node-server/config` folder and add the following content:

???+ abstract "_node-server/config/300-sinkbinding.yaml_"
    ```yaml
    apiVersion: sources.knative.dev/v1
    kind: SinkBinding # SinkBinding is a Knative Eventing custom resource
    metadata:
    name: node-sinkbinding

>     namespace: default

Reviewer: For other resources (broker just before) we're not using any namespace so I'd remove it from here too

    spec:
    subject: # The subject is where we hope to inject the Sink URI
        apiVersion: apps/v1
        kind: Deployment
        selector:
        matchLabels:
            app: node-server
    sink: # The Sink is the URI of the Broker
        ref:
        apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
        kind: Broker
        name: bookstore-broker

>     ```

Reviewer: The indentation of multiple fields is wrong here (spec, matchLabels, ref, etc)

Reviewer: [sinkbinding.yaml.txt](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/15789234/sinkbinding.yaml.txt)

### **Step 4: Create event-display service**

![Image](images/image1.png)

Event display is a debugging tool in Knative Eventing that allows you to use it as a temporary destination (a.k.a sink) for your event to go.

**Create an Event Display Service:**

- 1: Create a new YAML file named `100-event-display.yaml` in the `node-server/config` folder and add the following content:

???+ abstract "_node-server/config/100-event-display.yaml_"

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
    name: event-display
    spec:
    replicas: 1
    selector:
        matchLabels:
        app: event-display
    template:
        metadata:
        labels:
            app: event-display
        spec:
        containers: # Using the pre-built image from Knative
        - name: event-display
            image: gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/eventing-contrib/cmd/event_display
            ports:
            - containerPort: 8080
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
    name: event-display
    spec:
    selector:
        app: event-display
    ports:
    - protocol: TCP
        port: 80
        targetPort: 8080
    type: ClusterIP

>     ```

Reviewer: Wrong indentation here too

```
error: error parsing config/event-display.yaml: error converting YAML to JSON: yaml: line 17: mapping values are not allowed in this context
```

```

![Image](images/image7.png)
![Image](images/image20.png)

???+ success "Verify"

    ```bash
    kubectl get triggers
    ```

    The trigger `temp-trigger` should have `READY` status as `True`.

    ![Image](images/image24.png)

### Validate

![Image](images/image8.png)

Open the log for event-display with the following command:

```bash
kubectl logs event-display-XXXXX -f
```

Type something in the comment box in the UI and click the submit button. The comment should appear in the event-display service with the following output:

```plaintext
☁️  cloudevents.Event
Validation: valid
Context Attributes,
  specversion: 1.0
  type: new-review-comment
  source: bookstore-eda
  id: unique-comment-id
  datacontenttype: application/json
Extensions,
  knativearrivaltime: 2024-05-19T05:27:36.232562628Z
Data,
  {
    "reviewText": "test"
  }
```

### Next Step

![Image](images/image13.png)

Deploy ML workflow: Sentiment Analysis. Please make sure you pass the Validate test before proceeding. [Copy of 2 - Create Sentiment Analysis Service](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PTGyeY-4kZHqagjhhCNspX6Xk8Erv4-mLaoUBWOiQtM/edit#heading=h.i4o4yil4sueh)
```

> This should now accurately reflect the content from Step 5 onward as per the provided HTML file. If there are any additional corrections or specific areas that need attention, please let me know.

Reviewer: I guess this will change once we have the other page?
